Stepper: fresh documentation (#103209)
Automattic/wp-calypso: client/landing/stepper/README.md

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17054134/159939643-4a3a7893-ab38-4223-ba5d-5dfe64282f07.png" alt="Stepper logo" width="400">

# Stepper Walkthrough Framework

> Stepper is a framework that allows you to make all kinds of walkthroughs. It's geared towards signup and onboarding flows. But you can use it to make all sorts of wizards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stepper is a framework that allows you to make all kinds of walkthroughs. It's geared towards signup and onboarding flows, but you can use it to make any wizard.
```

  - [Code example](#code-example)
  - [Registering the flow](#registering-the-flow)
  - [File hierarchy convention](#file-hierarchy-convention)
  - [Managing authentication](#managing-authentication)
  - [Asserting conditions before running the flow](#asserting-conditions-before-running-the-flow)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Deleting your flow](#deleting-your-flow)
- [Making a Step](#making-a-step)
  - [Code example](#code-example-1)
  - [Passing data down to steps](#passing-data-down-to-steps)
  - [Reusability](#reusability)
  - [Renaming steps](#renaming-steps)
- [State management](#state-management)
  - [Typed state](#typed-state)
  - [Miscellaneous fields](#miscellaneous-fields)
- [Creating a site](#creating-a-site)
- [The API](#the-api)
- [Useful utilities and hooks](#useful-utilities-and-hooks)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Help and feedback](#help-and-feedback)

## How does it work

A Stepper flow **is not a series of steps**, it's a graph of steps with a non-deterministic order. The first step of the flow is deterministic, but the following steps are decided on the fly by the flow depending on state (user input, user status, site status, etc...).

> An ideal Stepper flow is a [finite-state machine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine). Meaning it has a pre-defined set of possible states, and it should only be in one of those states at any given moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ideal Stepper flow is a [finite-state machine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine): it has a pre-defined set of possible states, and it should only be in one of those states at any given moment.
```

### The most important principle: Steps shouldn't make decisions or communicate

![StepperFlow)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c8d5b07a-4172-4ba1-92d0-7821f0b6b9f0)

Stepper steps should be a lot like native form inputs. They may receive some properties, they may have internal state (think checkbox), and they must submit some information. That's it.

1. They should not make narrative decisions (go back, go next, exit flow, etc..)

> 2. They should not communicate with other steps (eg via query params).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. They should not communicate with other steps (e.g. via query params).
```

> 3. **They should not have side effects (eg persisting stuff in local storage).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **They should not have side effects (e.g. persisting stuff in local storage).**
```

They should **only submit** to the flow, and the flow should do all the thinking, persisting, and the navigation.

**Common question**: What if a step wants to cancel/skip/drop out? Then it should submit something like `{ action: skip }`.

<details><summary><strong>Expand if you're curious why.</strong></summary>
<p>
	<ol>
		<li>When steps make navigational decisions, the aforementioned finite-state machine is thrown out of the window. The dependency graph explodes and things get out of control quickly. Especially if you consider that steps are reusable across flows.</li>

> 		<li>Same thing happens when steps communicate. Plus, when steps communicate, it means the flow is blind to some decisions, and the steps are less re-usable now.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<li>Same thing happens when steps communicate: the flow is blind to some decisions, and the steps become less re-usable.</li>
```

> 		<li>When a step has side effects in Flow A, they may effect the step's behaviour of Flow B. Only the flow should persist things.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<li>When a step has side effects in Flow A, they might affect the step's behaviour in Flow B. Only the flow should persist things.</li>
```

	</ol>
</p>
</details>

In general, the smarter the step, the more problematic and tailored it is. Please treat your steps as buttons or inputs.

### Making a flow

A flow is a collection of steps. Each of these steps submit some information to the flow, which means the state of the flow is largely the sum of these submitted data. For that reason, the `FlowV2` interface requires the steps collection to be defined before the flow itself. This way, the flow can shape its state around the submissions and properties of these steps.

**Note:** We have an example flow you can use as a reference [here](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/flows/00-example-flow/example.ts).

#### Code example

```ts
// We define our steps collection upfront because it is a prerequisite of shaping the flow.
async function initialize( calypsoReduxStore: Store ) {
	const includeDomainsStep = await isTheMoonFull();
	const hasAnySites = userHasAnySites( calypsoReduxStore.getState() );

	if ( includeDomainsStep ) {

> 		return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_DOMAINS, STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] as const;

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to know where `STEPS` comes from — or, in general, anything built into Stepper. It would clarify what needs to be defined by the consumer, and what needs to be imported.

E.g.

```js
import { STEPS } from '../../internals/steps';
import { useFlowState } from '../../internals/state-manager/store';
// etc.
```

	return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] as const;
}

export const exampleFlow: FlowV2< typeof initialize > = {
	/**
	 * The name of the flow is what appears in the pathname. It must be unique.
	 * This flow will be under /setup/my-flow.
	 */
	name: 'my-flow',

	/**
	 * This flag must be `true` for signup flows (generally where a new site may be created), and should be `false` for other flows.
	 * It controls whether we'll trigger a `calypso_signup_start` Tracks event when the flow starts.
	 */
	isSignupFlow: true,
	initialize,
	/**
	 * This hook is the control unit of your flow. It is where:
	 * 1. You handle and use the information submitted by the steps.
	 * 2. You decide to navigate to which steps when.
	 * 3. You manage the state of the flow.
	 */
	useStepNavigation( currentStepSlug, navigate ) {
		// This hook should be enough to manage and persist all the state your flows needs.
		const { get, set } = useFlowState();

		// This function handles the submission event of every step in the flow.
		const submit: SubmitHandler< typeof initialize > = async ( submittedStep ) => {
			const { slug, providedDependencies } = submittedStep;
			switch ( slug ) {

> 				case 'domains': {

Reviewer: Any reasons for using a plain text string instead of, say `STEPS.DOMAINS.slug`?

Also a curiosity: is it expected that some steps have the same slug?
E.g. [`DOMAINS` and `DOMAIN_TRANSFER_DOMAINS`](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/6855f70239798896d085a3049fbb0f0fec352f62/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/internals/steps.tsx#L54-L62)

Author: > Any reasons for using a plain text string instead of, say STEPS.DOMAINS.slug?

With Stepper 2.0, the `slug` is typed to the exact slugs of the steps in the flow at hand. So if you make a typo, TS will catch it. Which makes `domains` safe and less verbose than `STEPS.DOMAINS.slug`

> Also a curiosity: is it expected that some steps have the same slug?

Not really. But historically, flows made and inlined their own step objects, as in `{ slug: X, asyncComponent: Y }`. So we had all kinds of slugs, including some clashing ones. When we unified all the steps into a canonical dictionary, the clashes became apparent. I'm working on making slugs unique [here](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/issues/100585).

					// Here we have the data submitted by the domains step.
					// `providedDependencies` will be fully-typed and should contain the exact types of the domain step submission.

> 					const domainItem = providedDependencies.domainItem;

Reviewer: If I understand this correctly, the idea is that the flow will do something with this `domainItem`, e.g. save it into the Redux state, or update the site options, or whatever.

(Maybe I'm just not sure what "provided dependencies" mean. 😅 )

If that's the case, then I'd add an example of that here.
I can see that there's a `createSiteId` example in the `processing` step, but maybe it's too late. 🤔

Author: Great idea. Will do.

					// By calling this, we're updating the state of the flow to save the picked domain.
					// This will be precisely persisted for the whole session, but not longer.
					set( 'domains', providedDependencies );
					// Because the flow knows the steps it contains, `navigate` will only only allow `'plans' | 'domains' | 'processing'` are the first argument.
					navigate( 'plans' );
					break;
				}
				case 'plans': {
					// Here we have the data submitted by the plans step.
					set( 'plans', providedDependencies );

					// setPendingAction allows you to enqueue any promise.
					setPendingAction( () => createSite() );
					break;
				}
				case 'processing': {
					// The processing step will pick up the pending action we set above, run it, and await it.

> 					// It will show a progress bar during that time.

Reviewer: Does this mean the `processing` step is a special one? Maybe we should clarify it!

Author: Yes! That's why @gabrielcaires and I hate it, and looking to get rid of it ( see: paYKcK-62X-p2 ).

Will do.

					// Then it will `submit` whatever your pendingAction resolves to. In this example, that would be a site object.

> 					const createdSiteId = providedDependencies.sideId;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					const createdSiteId = providedDependencies.siteId;
```

					break;
				}
			}
		};

		return { submit };
	},
};
```

#### Registering the flow

Flows have to be registered [here](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/registered-flows.ts).

#### File hierarchy convention

[Please put your flow in a folder](https://dotcom.wordpress.com/2025/03/14/stepper-move-flows-into-their-own-folder/), not a loose file. And include a README file with cursory information about your flow **and testing steps**. Then simply link to them in your PRs (win-win).

#### Managing authentication

Stepper takes care of authenticating your users. You should not have to worry about auth at all. All you need to do is mark the steps as gated behind auth.

```ts
function initialize() {
	// Gate all the steps
	return stepsWithRequiredLogin( [ STEPS.UNIFIED_DOMAINS, STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] );

	// Gate some
	return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_DOMAINS, ...stepsWithRequiredLogin( [ STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] ) ] as const;
}
```

**Stepper will take care of:**

1. Injecting the user step when the user is not logged in.
2. Sign up or log in the user.
3. Bring the user back to the right step.

#### Asserting conditions before running the flow

> Say, you want your flow to be only be accessible to a certain type of user. You can assert these condition in the `initialize` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want your flow to only be accessible to a certain type of user, you can assert the conditions in the `initialize` function.
```

```ts
async function initialize() {
	const hasAccessToFlow = await isAgencyUser();

	if ( ! hasAccessToFlow ) {
		window.location = '/home';
		// Return false to halt the fetching and execution of the steps. Making the redirect much faster.
		return false;
	}

	return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] as const;
}
```

### Notes

1. A successful flow is a rare event, so most flows are sadly ephemeral. Please keep as much logic, CSS, and code as possible into the flow folder itself. So that when it's deleted, clean up is easy.
2. Adding testing steps in your flow's README goes a long way. It would be really appreciated.

> 3. Feel free to ask for help any time. You can post in `#dotcom-stepper` or ping `@alshakero`.

Reviewer: I'm a little uncomfortable to have you personally responsible for Stepper forever.

Is there a team that we could add here instead? E.g. T-Rex or Calypso?

Author: If it's for my sake, I'm happy to be. My philosophy is that few things reach perfection unless one person is obsessed with them, hence my comfort with taking extreme ownership of this. But if you mean from a [bus-factor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_factor) aspect, I'm happy to name our team.

Reviewer 2: If stepper is here to stay, one thing to consider is to have at least one member from each "onboarding"-adjacent team to be a "stepper DRI" — ie. a person who knows the Stepper framework and its rules well

4. Please try to avoid modifying the framework's code around your flow. It should be the very last resort.

### Deleting your flow

> After deleting your flow, please setup a redirect for it [here](/client/landing/stepper/utils/flow-redirect-handler.ts), this redirect users who land on it to a happy path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deleting your flow, please setup a redirect for it [here](/client/landing/stepper/utils/flow-redirect-handler.ts). It redirects users who land on it to a happy path.
```

### Making a Step

> Note: Before making a step, please make sure there isn't already a suitable step in [`steps.tsx`](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/internals/steps.tsx) file. If you do make a step you'll have to add it to that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Before making a step, please make sure there isn't already a suitable step in [`steps.tsx`](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/internals/steps.tsx). If you do make a step you'll have to add it to that file.
```

**Note**: Please make sure that your step has a unique slug.

**A step is simply a React component that**:

1. Renders UI that collects user input.
2. Submit said input to the flow.
3. May or may not accept props from the flow.

#### Code example

```tsx
/**
 * Each step must be typed as Step. And it should declare the types of the data it submits and the data it accepts.
 */
const SelectImportedSiteSource: Step< {
	// This steps submits `platform` and `url` strings.
	submits: {

> 		platform: 'Wix' | 'Squarespace';

Reviewer: It is a little weird to see these names here. 😅 

Could we do something like "WordPress" and "Pressable" just for the sake of the example?

(Same comment for the `select` options below.)

Author: hehe I meant it a silly dig at those guys 🤣 

Will do.

		url: string;
	};
	// And it accepts the following props. Adding them here will make them available in the `props` object.
	accepts: {
		title?: string;
		subTitle?: string;
	};
} > = function ImportStep( props ) {
	const siteSlug = useSiteSlug();
	/**
	 * `navigation` prop is provided by Stepper. It allows your step to submit.
	 */
	const { navigation, title, subTitle } = props;

	return (
		<div>
			<h1>{ title || 'Welcome to WordPress.com' }</h1>
			<h2>{ subTitle || 'Time to migrate you a site!' }</h2>

			<form
				onSubmit={ ( event ) =>
					navigation.submit( {
						platform: event.currentTarget.platform,
						url: event.currentTarget.url,
					} )
				}
			>
				<label>
					Enter the URL of your site
					<input type="url" name="url" />
				</label>

				<label>
					Pick your current site platform
					<select name="platform">
						<option value="wix">Wix</option>
						<option value="ss">Squarespace</option>
					</select>
				</label>

				<button>Submit</button>
			</form>
		</div>
	);
};

export default SelectImportedSiteSource;
```

#### Passing data down to steps

> It is often the case that you want to customize steps around your flow. You can do that via `useStepsProps`.

Reviewer: This could use an example. I haven't found any step with `useStepsProps`, so I'm not sure how to use it.

Author: Good point.

#### Reusability

> Stepper aims to create a big `steps-repository` that contains the steps and allows them to be recycled and reused. Every step you create is inherently reusable by any future flow. Because steps are like components, they're not parts of the flows, flows just happen to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stepper aims to create a big `steps-repository` that contains the steps and allows them to be recycled and reused. Every step you create is inherently reusable by any future flow. Because steps are like components, they're not parts of a flow, flows just happen to use them.
```

**This creates a couple of restrictions.**

1. Flow-specific styling should be done in a `style.scss` file put in the flow's folder. Each step should have the basic styling necessary to operate on its own.

> 2. Steps should not do `if ( flow === 'X' ) do Y`. This is a very common pattern. It was a necessary evil before we introduced `useStepsProps`. But now, it's an unnecessary evil 😬

Reviewer 3: Can you mention an alternative for this scenario? :)

Author: How do you mean? Rephrase this?

Reviewer 3: I meant to say to make it more clear/prominent that `useStepsProps` is the alternative for doing this kind of conditionals. :) 

e.g. `don't do if ( flow === 'X' ), use useStepsProps`

Author: Makes sense. Will do.

> 2. Steps should not do `if ( flow === 'X' ) do Y`. This is a very common pattern. It was a necessary evil before we introduced `useStepsProps`. But now, it's an unnecessary evil 😬

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Steps should not do `if ( flow === 'X' ) do Y`. This is a very common pattern. It was a necessary evil before we introduced `useStepsProps`. But now, it's an unnecessary evil. 😬
```

#### Renaming steps

> There may be a time when a step needs to be renamed. In order to preserve Tracks data and funnels, we recommend adding a new entry to `getStepOldSlug` in the `FlowRenderer` component. This ensures that tracks events will fire with both the new step slug and the old step slug.

Reviewer: I have found [a few uses](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3AAutomattic%2Fwp-calypso%20getStepOldSlug&type=code) of `getStepOldSlug` but none in `FlowRenderer`.

Is this part accurate? What about an example? 🙂

Author: I copied this as-is from the old README, should have verified.

### State management

> The `useFlowState` hook will allow you to store and retrieve any information for the duration of the session (defined [here](https://vertexp2.wordpress.com/2025/01/20/proposal-signup-state-management-and-persistence/#iii-the-proposal)). Sessions can live a long time. They're not limited by time.

Reviewer 3: vertexp2 it's a private site :P

Author: Good catch

Author: Created docs/sessions.md and linked to it instead.

**Note:** You'll need to set `__experimentalUseSessions` flag to `true` to be able to use this new API.

#### Typed state

There shouldn't be any state that is untyped in Stepper.

```ts
const flow = {
	useStepNavigation() {
		const { set } = useFlowState();
		// The `useFlowState` will infer the types of `plans` from the types of the steps whose slug is `plans`. It will use the `submits:` part of the step types.
		set( 'plans', data );
	},
};
```

### Creating a site
It's quite common that you'd want to create a site by the end of your flow. To do that, Stepper offers `useCreateSite` hook. This hook collects the state you set in `useFlowState` and some arguments and makes a site for you. 

> Please check the [example flow](](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/flows/00-example-flow/example.ts)) to see how that works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check the [example flow](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/flows/00-example-flow/example.ts) to see how that works.
```

##### Miscellaneous fields

> In some cases, flows will need state that is not submitted from a step. In which case, it should be specified and typed in the [manifest](client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/internals/state-manager/stepper-state-manifest.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, flows will need state that is not submitted from a step. In which case, it should be specified and typed in the [manifest](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/internals/state-manager/stepper-state-manifest.ts).
```

| `name`                         | <kbd>Required</kbd> Identifier for the flow                          | Required string field                                                                                                                                     |
| `useStepNavigation`            | <kbd>Required</kbd> Hook for step navigation                         | Required hook for handling step navigation                                                                                                                |
| `isSignupFlow`                 | <kbd>Required</kbd> Indicates if the flow is for signup              | Required boolean flag                                                                                                                                     |
| `__experimentalUseBuiltinAuth` | Enables built-in authentication within Stepper                       | Optional boolean flag. When true, the flow will login the user without leaving Stepper                                                                    |

> | `__experimentalUseSessions`    | Enables session-based progress storage                               | Optional boolean flag. When true, the flow will use sessions to store the user's progress. \*\*This flag is required if you use `useFlowState` hook.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `__experimentalUseSessions`    | Enables session-based progress storage                               | Optional boolean flag. When true, the flow will use sessions to store the user's progress. **This flag is required if you use `useFlowState` hook.**      |
```

## Troubleshooting

### TypeScript is complaining about the type of `useStepProps`

The `useStepProps` hooks allows you to pass props to your steps. TS will only allow your return value to match the steps that exist in your flow and their props. And the return value does not match, it will complain about the whole function, not a single slug or a prop. To debug, it's best to remove the props of all the steps and add them one by one until it becomes red again.

```ts
const flow = {
	//👇 the TS red line will be here 
	useStepsProps() {
		return {
			domains: {
				allowFree: true,
			},
			//👇 not here
			nonExistentStep: {				
				title: 'this step does not exist',
			},
		};
	},
};
```

### TypeScript is complaining about the arguments I'm passing to `submit`

Sometimes, in your step, you call `submit({ answer: 'yes' })` and TS will complain about the argument. This means you haven't typed your step correctly.

In this example, the step's type should look like so

```ts
const YourStep: Step< {
	submits: {
		answer: 'yes' | 'no';
	};
} >;
```

## Help and feedback

> Please feel free to reach out to Team T-Rex, or post in `#dotcom-stepper` for any feedback or if you need help.

Reviewer: Same note as above. Should team Calypso be responsible for Stepper?

Author: The best team/people would be those who build and maintain flows. Team Calypso seldom do that.

Reviewer: Got it, then I guess it's fine to keep T-Rex as generic maintainer, but we should also mention to ping owner teams when it comes to individual flows, based on the flow's readme.

Author: Yes 100%.

- [The API](#the-api)
- [Useful utilities and hooks](#useful-utilities-and-hooks)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Help and feedback](#help-and-feedback)

## How does it work

A Stepper flow **is not a series of steps**; it's a graph of steps with a non-deterministic order. The first step of the flow is deterministic, but the following steps are decided on the fly by the flow depending on state (user input, user status, site status, etc...).

An ideal Stepper flow is a [finite-state machine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine): it has a pre-defined set of possible states, and it should only be in one of those states at any given moment.

### The most important principle: Steps shouldn't make decisions or communicate

![StepperFlow](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c8d5b07a-4172-4ba1-92d0-7821f0b6b9f0)

Stepper steps should be a lot like native form inputs. They may receive some properties, they may have internal state (think checkbox), and they must submit some information. That's it.

1. They should not make narrative decisions (go back, go next, exit flow, etc..)
2. They should not communicate with other steps (e.g. via query params).

> 3. **They should not have side effects (e.g. persisting stuff in local storage).**

Reviewer 2: They should not know in which flow they are being rendered, nor refer directly to any other steps.

I guess that any side effects that can affect the flow (such as writing query params in the URL) should ideally be avoided in the step, and performed in the flow itself

They should **only submit** to the flow, and the flow should do all the thinking, persisting, and the navigation.

**Common question**: What if a step wants to cancel/skip/drop out? Then it should submit something like `{ action: skip }`.

<details><summary><strong>Expand if you're curious why.</strong></summary>
<p>
	<ol>
		<li>When steps make navigational decisions, the aforementioned finite-state machine is thrown out of the window. The dependency graph explodes and things get out of control quickly. Especially if you consider that steps are reusable across flows.</li>
		<li>Same thing happens when steps communicate: the flow is blind to some decisions, and the steps become less re-usable.</li>
		<li>When a step has side effects in Flow A, they might affect the step's behaviour in Flow B. Only the flow should persist things.</li>
	</ol>
</p>
</details>

In general, the smarter the step, the more problematic and tailored it is. Please treat your steps as buttons or inputs.

### Making a flow

> A flow is a collection of steps. Each of these steps submit some information to the flow, which means the state of the flow is largely the sum of these submitted data. For that reason, the `FlowV2` interface requires the steps collection to be defined before the flow itself. This way, the flow can shape its state around the submissions and properties of these steps.

Reviewer 2: We could also mention:
- making sure that flow IDs are unique (and step IDs too)
- not to create flows by extending (object.assign) other flows, as that makes it really difficult to determine the flow behaviour (some aspects are overridden, others are preserved from the original flow)

**Note:** We have an example flow you can use as a reference [here](/client/landing/stepper/declarative-flow/flows/00-example-flow/example.ts).

#### Code example

```ts
import { useFlowState } from '../../internals/state-manager/store';
import { STEPS } from '../../internals/steps';

// We define our steps collection upfront because it is a prerequisite of shaping the flow.
async function initialize( calypsoReduxStore: Store ) {
	const includeDomainsStep = await isTheMoonFull();
	const hasAnySites = userHasAnySites( calypsoReduxStore.getState() );

	if ( includeDomainsStep ) {
		return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_DOMAINS, STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING, STEPS.ERROR ] as const;
	}

	if ( hasAnySites ) {
		return [ STEPS.PICK_SITE, STEPS.UNIFIED_DOMAINS, STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING, STEPS.ERROR ] as const;
	}

	// We need `as const` to promise TS that these steps won't change later.
	return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING, STEPS.ERROR ] as const;
}

export const exampleFlow: FlowV2< typeof initialize > = {
	/**
	 * The name of the flow is what appears in the pathname. It must be unique.
	 * This flow will be under /setup/my-flow.

> 	 */

Reviewer 2: A word of caution: code comments are great, but they can quickly get out of date with the TypeScript JSDocs.

function initialize() {
	// Gate all the steps
	return stepsWithRequiredLogin( [ STEPS.UNIFIED_DOMAINS, STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] );

	// Gate some
	return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_DOMAINS, ...stepsWithRequiredLogin( [ STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] ) ] as const;
}
```

**Stepper will take care of:**

1. Injecting the user step when the user is not logged in.
2. Sign up or log in the user.
3. Bring the user back to the right step.

#### Asserting conditions before running the flow

If you want your flow to only be accessible to a certain type of user, you can assert the conditions in the `initialize` function.

```ts
async function initialize() {
	const hasAccessToFlow = await isAgencyUser();

	if ( ! hasAccessToFlow ) {
		window.location = '/home';
		// Return false to halt the fetching and execution of the steps. This makes the redirect much faster.
		return false;
	}

	return [ STEPS.UNIFIED_PLANS, STEPS.PROCESSING ] as const;
}
```

#### Pending actions

### Notes

1. A successful flow is a rare event, so most flows are sadly ephemeral. Please keep as much logic, CSS, and code as possible into the flow folder itself. So that when it's deleted, clean up is easy.

> 2. Adding testing steps in your flow's README goes a long way. It would be really appreciated.

Reviewer 2: I would be a bit more prescriptive about adding:

- docs
- clear ownership
- tests
